{"en":"People travelling long distances frequently have to decide whether they would prefer to go by land,  sea,  or air. ^ ","ch":"出远门的人常常需要决定是走旱路、水路， 还是坐飞机。  "}
{"en":"Hardly anyone can positively enjoy sitting in a train for more than a few hours. ^ ","ch":"很少有人能够真正喜欢坐几个小时以上的火车。  "}
{"en":"It is almost impossible to take your mind off the journey. ^ ","ch":"想摆脱开旅途的困扰是很难的。  "}
{"en":"Reading is only a partial solution,  for the monotonous rhythm of the wheels clicking on the rails soon lulls you to sleep. ^ ","ch":"看书只能解决部分问题。 车轮与铁轨间单调的嘎喳声很快就会送你进入梦乡。  "}
{"en":"At night,  when you really wish to go to sleep,  you rarely manage to do so. ^ ","ch":"到了夜晚， 你真想睡了， 却很难入睡。  "}
{"en":"If you are lucky enough to get a sleeper,  you spend half the night staring at the small blue light in the ceiling, ^ ","ch":"即使你走运弄到一个卧铺， 夜间有一半时间你会盯着车顶那盏小蓝灯而睡不着觉； "}
{"en":"or fumbling to find your ticket for inspection. ^ ","ch":"要不然就为查票摸索你的车票。  "}
{"en":"Inevitably you arrive at your destination almost exhausted. ^ ","ch":"一旦抵达目的地， 你总是疲惫不堪。  "}
{"en":"Long car journeys are even less pleasant,  for it is quite impossible even to read. ^ ","ch":"乘汽车作长途旅行则更加不舒服， 因为连看书都几乎不可能。  "}
{"en":"On motorways you can,  at least,  travel fairly safely at high speeds, ^ ","ch":"在公路上还好， 你至少能以相当快的速度安全地向前行。  "}
{"en":"but more often than not,  the greater part of the journey is spent on roads with few service stations and too much traffic. ^ ","ch":"但旅行的大部分时间都花在路上， 而且只有很少的服务设施， 交通也很拥挤。  "}
{"en":"By comparison,  ferry trips or cruises offer a great variety of civilized comforts. ^ ","ch":"相比之下， 坐船旅行或环游可以得到文明世界的各种享受。  "}
{"en":"You can stretch your legs on the spacious decks,  play games,  meet interesting people and enjoy good food -- always assuming, of course,  that the sea is calm. ^ ","ch":"你可以在甲板上伸展四肢、做游戏， 还能见到各种有趣的人， 能享用各种美味佳肴-当然， 这一切只有在大海风平浪静的情况下才有可能。  "}
{"en":"If it is not,  and you are likely to get seasick,  no form of transport could be worse. ^ ","ch":"如果大海肆虐起来， 你就可能晕船， 那种难受劲儿是任何一种别的旅行的方式都不会带来的。  "}
{"en":"Even if you travel in ideal weather,  sea journeys take a long time. ^ ","ch":"即使风平浪静， 坐船旅行也要占用很长时间。  "}
{"en":"Relatively few people are prepared to sacrifice holiday time for the pleasure of travlling by sea. ^ ","ch":"没有多少人会为享受坐船旅行的乐趣而牺牲假期的时间。  "}
{"en":"Aeroplanes have the reputation of being dangerous and even hardened travellers are intimidated by them. ^ ","ch":"飞机以危险而著称， 连老资格的旅行者也怕飞机。  "}
{"en":"They also have the disadvantage of being an expensive form of transport. ^ ","ch":"飞机的另一个缺点是昂贵。  "}
{"en":"But nothing can match them for speed and comfort. ^ ","ch":"但就速度与舒适而言， 飞机是无与伦比的。  "}
{"en":"Travelling at a height of 30, 000 feet,  far above the clouds,  and at over 500 miles an hour is an exhilarating experience. ^ ","ch":"腾云驾雾， 在30， 000 英尺高空以500英里的时速旅行， 这种经历令人心旷神怡。  "}
{"en":"You do not have to devise ways of taking your mind off the journey,  for an aeroplane gets you to your destination rapidly. ^ ","ch":"你不必想办法去摆脱旅途的困扰， 因为飞机会迅速地把你送到目的地。  "}
{"en":"For a few hours,  you settle back in a deep armchair to enjoy the flight. ^ ","ch":"几小时之内， 你躺在扶手椅上， 享受着旅途的欢乐。  "}
{"en":"The real escapist can watch a film and sip champagne on some services. ^ ","ch":"真正会享受的人还可以在某些航班上看一场电影和喝香槟。  "}
{"en":"But even when such refinements are not available,  there is plenty to keep you occupied. ^ ","ch":"即使没有这些消遣条件， 也总是有事可做。  "}
{"en":"An aeroplane offers you an unusual and breathtaking view of the world. ^ ","ch":"飞机上， 你可以观察世界上非同寻常的奇妙的美景。  "}
{"en":"You soar effortlessly over high mountains and deep valleys. ^ ","ch":"你毫不费劲地飞越高山幽谷，  "}
{"en":"you can enjoy the extraordinary sight of unbroken cloud plains that stretch out for miles before you,  while the sun shines brilliantly in a clear sky. ^ ","ch":"你便可以观赏一下展现在你面前的、一望数英里的、连绵不断的云海， 同时阳光灿烂， 天空清澈明朗。  "}
{"en":"The journey is so smooth that there is nothing to prevent you from reading or sleeping. ^ ","ch":"旅途平稳， 丝毫不妨碍你阅读或睡眠。  "}
{"en":"However you decide to spend your time,  one thing is certain:  you will arrive at your destination fresh and uncrumpled. ^ ","ch":"不管你打算如何消磨时间， 有件事是可以肯定的， 即当你抵达目的地时， 你感到精神焕发， 毫无倦意，  "}
{"en":"You will not have to spend the next few days recovering from a long and arduous journey. ^ ","ch":"用不着因为漫长旅途的辛苦而花几天时间休息来恢复精神。  "}